MenYou is the result of my first group project in my boot camp. While it only uses JavaScript, HTML and CSS it was only a month into our learning and I like to keep it on my portfolio because of how proud I am of what I was able to achieve such a short time after learning the basics of JavaScript. The only requirements for the project were to utilize two web APIs in some way. My partner and I decided to create a recipe search and storage app. We quickly ran into an API call limit issue with our recipe search API while developing. This was never going to work as an actual deployed app if users would see an 'API limit reached' error for most of their searches! I researched some potential workarounds and came up with a bit of fun code that caches each unique search in the Firestore Database. After implementing that it was simply a matter of checking whether each search already existed in Firestore before sending the request off to the API. If not-cache away! Voilà, not only were our searches loading more quickly from Firestore, but I had also circumvented our API call limit issue!

It also features user authentication through firebase with custom login and register forms. While there aren't the suite of user-account features that I would have liked (the deadline was only 2 weeks!) you can add your own recipes with a custom input form that allows you to add and remove ingredients and write directions. As for the other API we needed for our 2 API requirement, my partner discovered the Whisk API- a rather magical API that takes an array of ingredients, asks for your zip code so it can find a local grocery store, and sends those ingredients to an online shopping cart of that grocer for instant curbside pickup or delivery! While I can't take credit for Whisk's ingenuity, it does fit rather perfectly with MenYou. MenYou was nominated for best project of the running Georgia Tech boot camps at the time!`,
